After which French physician is Gilbert syndrome named? 
After whom was the asteroid 1134 Kepler named? 
A gas giants exists of? 
Apple Inc. was founded by who? 
Are dogs mammals? 
Are pandas endangered species? 
Are sharks mammals? 
Are surgery and mutilation the same thing? 
Are tomatoes vegetables or fruit? 
As of 19 April 2020, how many people died from COVID-19 ? 
At what companies was Elon Musk an employer? 
At what speed does a photon move? 
At what temperature does glucose melt? 
At what temperature does gold melt? 
At what temperature does morphine melt? 
Botanically, is tomato a fruit? 
By who was the Nobel Prize established? 
Chemical formula of glucose. 
Country, where Large Hadron Collider is constructed? 
Did Newton discover Penicilin? 
Did the inventor of dynamite have any siblings ? 
Differentiate between cosmology and astronomy 
From what parts is the neuron constructed? 
From which materials is stainless steel made? 
Give the chemical formula for glucose? 
How are elements organized on the periodic table of elements? 
How are mammals called in Latin? 
How are rainbows made? 
How big is a tiger at birth? 
How big is our solar system? 
How big is the Milky Way? 
How big is the Sun? 
How big is the surface of Jupiter? 
How big is the universe? 
How can gravity be described? 
How can the effects of psilocybin mushrooms be described? 
How could you describe the shape of DNA? 
How deep is the Mariana Trench 
How dense is glass maximally? 
How did Alan Turing die? 
How did Alan Turing Die? 
How do you call someone that practices biology? 
How do you call the 2 parts of a leaf? 
How do you call the fear of the number 13? 
How far away is Alpha Centauri from Earth? 
How far away is Mars from Earth at most? 
How far away is the closest Star from Earth in whole light-years? 
How far away is the Sun? 
How far from the Earth is the moon? 
How far is the Moon from the Earth? 
How fast can a cheetah run? 
How heavy is our solar system? 
How heavy is the moon? 
How heavy is the sun? 
How hot does water need to be for it to boil? 
How hot is it at the center of the Sun? 
How hot is the centre of the sun? 
How hot is the sun at its core? 
How hot is the Sun's centre? 
How is kinetic energy measured? 
How is sleep defined? 
How is the shape of DNA defined? 
How is velocity normally measured? 
How large is a red blood cell? 
How large is Jupiter? 
How large is the Great Barrier Reef? 
How large is the Universe? 
How long are koala's pregnant? 
How long does it take for Mars to make one rotation? 
How long does it take for Saturn to make an orbit around the Sun? 
How long does it take Mercury to revolve around the sun? 
How long does it take Pluto to make one full revolution? 
How long does SARS incubate in humans maximally? 
How long is a light-year? 
How long is an astronomical unit? 
How long is the diameter of universe in kilometers? 
How long is the distance between earth and moon? 
How long was Wubbo Ockels in space? 
How many atoms are in formaldehyde? 
How many awards has Albert Einstein received? 
How many bits are in a byte? 
How many bones are in a human, adult body? 
How many bones does the average adult human skeleton contain? 
How many bones does the human body have? 
How many children did Charles Darwin have? 
How many chromosomes does one human have? 
How many colors are in a rainbow? 
How many constellations exist? 
How many countries did Einstein have citizenship of? 
How many countries have Dutch as official language? 
How many days are required for the Jupiter to complitly orbit around the sun? 
How many deaths were caused by COVID-19 as of 19 April 2020? 
How many groups are there in the periodic table? 
How many kilograms are in a yottagram 
How many kilometers in one light year? 
How many kilometers is a light-year? 
How many languages did Nikola Tesla speak 
How many laws of motion are there? 
How many laws of motion did Newton invent? 
How many megabyte are in a gigabyte? 
How many member states does CERN have? 
How many moons does Mars have? 
How many natural satelites does Earth have? 
How many nobel prizes has Marie Curie won? 
How many occupations did Isaac Newton have? 
How many oxygen atoms are in one molecule of glucose? 
How many parts does the brain stem has? 
How many people died of COVID-19 by 11 April 2020? 
How many people died of COVID-19 on 10 April 2020? 
How many people have been on the moon? 
How many people have been on the Moon? 
How many people have walked on the moon? 
How many people walked on the moon? 
How many planets are in the Solar system? 
How many planets away is Mars from the sun? 
How many protons are in the sodium? 
How many sides does a dodecagon have? 
How much does a baby giant panda weigh? 
How much does a female emu weigh? 
How much does Pluto weigh? 
How much does the earth weigh? 
How much does the planet Jupiter weigh? 
How much does the sun weigh? 
How much energy does the sun emit? 
How much is a light-year in kilometres? 
How much is one Solar Mass, when converted to the international system (SI) unit for mass? 
How much joule per kilogram energy does glass embody? 
How old can a cow get? 
How old did the oldest human get? 
How old is the earth? 
How old is the Earth? 
How old is the internet? 
How old is the moon? 
How old is the sun? 
How old is the universe? 
How old was the oldest human? 
How old was the oldest tiger? 
How spicy is a ghost pepper on the scale of Scoville? 
How strong is the moon's gravity? 
How tall are elephants? 
How warm is it in the centre of the sun? 
How was the age of Earth determined? 
How wide is the universe? 
In what city was Joe Rogan born? 
In what country can you find the mount everest? 
In what country was Albert Einstein born? 
In what country where the Solvay Conferences held? 
In what field did Terence McKenna work in? 
In what fields did Marie Curie work? 
In what languages did Isaac Newton write? 
In what month was NASA founded? 
In what part of the human body can the brain be found? 
In what scales can you measure temperature? 
In what year did Einstein come up with the theory of special relativity ? 
In what year Naruto was published for the first time? 
In what year was einsteinium discovered? 
In what year was Google founded? 
In what year was methylphenidate first discovered? 
In what year was polonium discovered? 
In what year was the personal computer invented? 
In what year were Newton's laws of motion published? 
In what year were tanks invented? 
In which constellation is the star PB 1934? 
In which countries is the Large Hadron Collider located? 
In which galaxy is our solar system placed in?
In which part of the body are the islets of Langerhans located? 
In which part of the cell can you find mitochondria? 
In which year was the first iPhone sold?
In which year was the nobel prize in Physics awarded to Marie Curie, along with Henri Becquerel and Pierre Curie? 
In which year was WiFi invented? 
In which year were the Olympics held in Paris? 
Is a fork a weapon? 
Is a platypus a mammal? 
Is a shark a fish or an animal? 
Is a thermometer used to measure temperature? 
Is atropa belladonna a poisonous plant?
Is compound HCl acidic or basic?
Is HTML a markup language? 
Is ibuprofen used to treat arthritis? 
Is reaction a part of Newtons third law of motion? 
Is the bengal tiger an endangered species? 
Is the human brain symmetrical? 
Is the Netherlands one of the countries that takes part in the International Space Station (ISS) program? 
Is the tongue a muscle or an organ? 
Ivan Pavlov was nominated for how many Nobel Prizes? 
Mention the four symptoms of migraine. 
Milk is produced by what class of organism? 
Mycology is the study of? 
Name Albert Einsteins sibling? 
Name all crew members of the Apollo 15 mission. 
Name the children of Leonhard Euler (the mathematician). 
Name the parts that should generally be present in an SSD. 
Name two exact sciences 
Of which parts does a battery consist? 
On average, how many days does the pregnancy of a koala take? 
On what date was the first human moon landing? 
On what day was the Hubble Space Telescope launched? 
On which island did the, now extinct, Dodo live? 
Penicilin was discovered by whom? 
Quantum physics is said to be the same as? 
Resonance causes an Increase/Decrease of Amplitude/Frequency? 
Sugar is the same as? 
The man who wrote 'On the origin of species, by means of natural selection'. 
The prometaphase is preceded by what other phase during mytosis? 
The radius of Jupiter is how many kilometres? 
To what genus does the species Egyptian goose belong? 
To what person does the Kuiper Belt owe its name? 
To what taxonomic group belongs the giraffe? 
To what universities did Otto Von Bismarck go? 
To which bone is the tibia connected? 
To which family does a Python (snake) belong? 
To which subfamily belongs the Bandicoot? 
True of false: the first telephone was invented in 1876 
Under what label does Angerfist produce? 
Under whose initiative was ENIAC developed? 
Until when was Pluto considered a planet? 
Was Charles Darwin married? 
Was Einstein a man or a woman? 
What academic discipline studies Homo sapiens? 
What age was Charles Darwin when he died? 
What area of the brain is important for language? 
What are dogs used for? 
What are parts of calculus? 
What are some studies within biology? 
What are symptoms of COVID-19? 
What are symptoms of the flu? 
What are the chemical elements that Marie Curie discovered? 
What are the components of air? 
What are the components of neuron?? 
What are the different nobel prize categories 
What are the different types of triangles? 
What are the effects of a tsunami? 
What are the five human senses? 
What are the four different blood types described by the ABO blood group system? 
What are the fundamental forces? 
What are the (main) components of bronze? 
What are the main subjects of "The Magical Number Seven, Plus or Minus Two"? 
What are the main subjects of Time Enough for Love by Robert Heinlein? 
What are the material results of the Manhattan Project? 
What are the moons of Mars? 
What are the names of the moons of Mars? 
What are the names of the planets in our solar system? 
What are the names of the two moon of Mars? 
What are the names of the two satelittes of Mars? 
What are the Nobel Prize categories? 
What are the noble gases? 
What are the objects of the Inner Solar System? 
What are the parts of a plant? 
What are the parts of the inner solar system? 
What are the parts of the large intestine? 
What are the parts of the lungs? 
What are the planets in our solar system? 
What are the planets in the inner solar system? 
What are the satellites of Mars? 
What are the symptoms of ADD? 
What are the symptoms of cataract? 
What are the symptoms of influenza? 
What are the symptoms of the common cold? 
What are the symptoms of the flu? 
What are the symptoms of yellow fever? 
What are the three fastest computers in the world? 
What are the three primary colors? 
What are the two parents taxons of Plants? 
What are the two types of memory in human brain? 
What are the usual ingredients of a pancake? 
What are things a computer has? 
What bacteria have caused the plague? 
What caused Alan Turing's death? 
What causes cerebral palsy? 
What chemical elements are part of a water molecule? 
What chemical elements form penicillin? 
What class of star is Betelgeuse? 
What countries is the Large Hadron Collider in? 
What creates a rainbow? 
What criteria are used to determine whether something is a scientific field? 
What criteria determine whether something is a scientific field? 
What did Alan Turing do? 
What did Thomas Edison die from? 
What did Turing die of? 
What did Wilhelm Röntgen die from? 
What does a CPU connect with? 
What does a molecule consist of? 
What does anthropology study? 
What does blood consist of? 
What does DNA stand for? 
What does LCD stand for? 
What does "REM sleep" stand for? 
What does snow consist out of? 
What does survival of the fittest mean? 
What does the abbreviation DNA stand for? 
What does the acronym NASA stand for? 
What does the Dijkstra algorithm solve? 
What does the field of Information Science study? 
What does the mitochondrion consist of? 
What does the Planck constant measure? 
What does the unit 'ohm' denote? 
What does WiFi stand for? 
What does x86 stand for in computer terms? 
What does zoonosis mean? 
What domain do animals belong to? 
What do people in the field of Aerophilately study? 
What do the letters DNA stand for? 
What do we call a practitioner of Earth Sciences? 
What do we call the partiality that prevents objective or alternative consideration of an issue or situation in a scientific experiment? 
What factors can contribute to heart disease? 
What fields are part of the physical sciences? 
What fields did Newton work in? 
What fields is the study of statistics part of? 
What important phenomenon associated with the universe occurred 13798 million years BCE? 
What important projects did Charles Babbage work on? 
What is a black hole? 
What is a brain? 
What is accepted as the Japanese name for the Nintendo Switch? 
What is a chemical component? 
What is a computer chip made of? 
What is an alternative explanation to the Big Bang model of the evolution of the universe? 
What is an astronomical object? 
What is an atom? 
What is an average northern giraffe's height 
What is a nebula? 
What is a neuron ? 
What is an organ? 
What is another name for the species of sharks? 
What is a pandemic? 
What is a quantum dot? 
What is Archimedes known for? 
What is Avogadro constant? 
What is computational biology? 
What is DNA? 
What is fool's gold made of? 
What is information science? 
What is lead-lead dating? 
What is leukemia? 
What is light? 
What is light made of? 
What is Methane boiling point at one ATM? 
What is one AU in astronomical terms? 
What is penicillin made of? 
What is planet the moon Titan orbiting? 
What is Plutarch's most famous body of work? 
 What is radiation in physics? 
What is Radium's symbol in the periodic table? 
What is roentgen? 
What is studied by ornithology? 
What is the 90th element? 
What is the active compound in the medication Advil? 
What is the active ingredient in Tylenol? 
What is the African penguin called in its home country? 
What is the amount of degrees in Celsius at which glucose melts? 
What is the animal protection status of robins? 
What is the anti particle of an electron? 
What is the antiparticle of hydrogen? 
What is the antiparticle of the quark? 
What is the atomic mass of zinc? 
What is the atomic number of Cadmium? 
What is the atomic number of carbon? 
What is the atomic number of gold? 
What is the atomic number of hydrogen? 
What is the atomic number of Iron? 
What is the atomic number of Oxygen? 
What is the atomic number of silver? 
What is the atomic number of sulfur? 
What is the atomic number of the chemical element of Zr 
What is the atomic number of uranium? 
What is the average lactation period of a lion? 
What is the biggest mountain in Brazil? 
What is the boiling point of alcohol? 
What is the boiling point of iron? 
What is the boiling point of mercury? 
What is the boiling point of water? 
What is the boiling point of water in Celsius? 
What is the boilling point of water? 
What is the building block of a nerve? 
What is the capital of Syria? 
What is the cause of Anthrax? 
What is the cause of SARS-CoV-2? 
What is the center temperature of the Sun? 
What is the centre of an atom called? 
What is the charge of a proton? 
What is the chemical formula for dopamine? 
What is the chemical formula for ethanol? 
What is the chemical formula of aspirin 
What is the chemical formula of benzene? 
What is the chemical formula of glucose? 
What is the Chemical Formula of Glucose? 
What is the chemical formula of gold? 
What is the chemical formula of ibuprofen? 
What is the chemical formula of magnesium? 
What is the chemical formula of ozone? 
What is the chemical formula of paracetamol? 
What is the chemical formula of silicon? 
What is the chemical formula of the water? 
What is the chemical formula of trenbolone? 
What is the chemical formula of water? 
What is the chemical structure of water? 
What is the compressive strength of concrete? 
What is the conversion of horsepower to watts? 
What is the date of birth of Isaac Newton? 
What is the deepest part of the Earth's oceans named? 
What is the definition of a mitochondrion? 
What is the definition of mind-body dualism 
What is the density of ice? 
What is the density of liquid potassium? 
What is the density of water at 0 degree Celsius? 
What is the density of water at 75 degrees Celcius? 
What is the diameter of carbon fiber? 
What is the diameter of our solar system? 
What is the diameter of the earth? 
What is the diameter of the solar system? 
What is the diameter of the universe? 
What is the distance between earth and its closest celestial body? 
What is the distance between earth and neptune? 
What is the distance between Earth and the Moon? 
What is the distance from the sun to the earth? 
What is the duration of human pregnancy? 
What is the Dutch word for light bulb? 
What is the effect of fire? 
What is the electrical charge of a molecule? 
What is the electrical resistivity of drinking water? 
What is the electronegativity of nitrogen? 
What is the element symbol of gold? 
What is the element symbol of helium? 
What is the element symbol of mercury? 
What is the element symbol of silver? 
What is the element symbol of Sulphur? 
What is the elevation above sea level of the mariana trench? 
What is the equation of photosenthesis? 
What is the estimated diameter of the Solar System in astronomical units? 
What is the fastest supercomputer? 
What is the field of work of CERN? 
What is the first law of Newton? 
What is the formula for speed? 
What is the formula of the mass–energy equivalence? 
What is the fourth planet from the sun? 
What is the fourth planet in the solar system? 
What is the fourth planet in the Solar System? 
What is the gestation period of a house cat? 
What is the given name of the patron saint of the internet? 
What is the half-life of uranium-235? 
What is the heart rate of a northern giraffe? 
What is the heigh of an elephant? 
What is the highest mountain in South America? 
What is the highest point of Italy? 
What is the highest point on earth, measured from the geographical center? 
What is the highest point on mars? 
What is the hottest temperature recorded on earth's surface? 
What is the largest animal in the world? 
What is the largest planet in the Solar System? 
What is the location of Mercury? 
What is the longest a cow has ever lived? 
What is the longest bone in the human body? 
What is the lowest point on Earth? 
What is the Manhattan Project? 
What is the mass (in grams) of a Nokia 3310? 
What is the mass of ibuprofen? 
What is the mass of iron? 
What is the mass of lead? 
What is the mass of out solar system? 
What is the mass of the chemical compound called Voltage? 
What is the mass of the milky way? 
What is the mass of the moon? 
What is the mass of the solar system? 
What is the mass of the sun? 
What is the mass of the Sun? 
What is the mass of the whole solar system? 
What is the melting point of benzene? 
What is the melting point of DMT? 
What is the melting point of dopamine? 
What is the melting point of gold? 
What is the melting point of gold (in Celsius)? 
What is the melting point of helium? 
What is the melting point of iron? 
What is the meltin point of iron? 
What is the milky way? 
What is the mirror test? 
What is the Moon's distance from Earth? 
What is the moon's surface gravity? 
What is the more common name for the Georgian Planet? 
What is the most abundant gas in the earth's atmosphere? 
What is the most recent value of the Avogadro constant? 
What is the name of lowest layer of the atmosphere? 
What is the name of the biggest planet in our Solar system? 
What is the name of the biggest planet in our Solar System? 
What is the name of the chemical element with atomic number of 108? 
What is the name of the chemical structure of paracetamol? 
What is the name of the intergovernmental organisation dedicated to the exploration of space, which was founded by Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom and Switzerland? 
What is the name of the light-sensitive tissue layer inside the eye? 
What is the name of the science that is devoted to the study of fish? 
What is the name of the sixth moon of Saturn? 
What is the name of the study of biological cells? 
What is the name of the syndrome that makes patients think that their loved ones are replaced by identical impostor? 
What is the nationality of the creator of the Python programming language? 
What is the newest chemical element? 
What is the number of products that the company Tesla has produced? 
What is the numerical value of Pi 
What is the official name of the drug paracetamol? 
What is the official website of AMD? 
What is the oldest known living tree? 
What is the opposite of a black hole? 
What is the opposite of a carnivore? 
What is the opposite of autosomal dominant? 
What is the opposite of Wi-Fi? 
What is the orbital inclination of the ISS? 
What is the orbital period of Jupiter? 
What is the orbital period of the Earth? 
What is the orbital period of the moon? 
What is the order of planets from the sun? 
What is the origin of the word 'algorithm'? 
What is the perimeter of the earth? 
What is the place of birth of Albert Einstein? 
What is the planet that has the most natural satelites? 
What is the population of Chișinău? 
What is the population of the earth? 
What is the quadratic formula? 
What is the radius of earth? 
What is the radius of the Sun? 
What is the retina? 
What is the risk factor of lung cancer? 
What is the rotational period of Mars? 
What is the salary of Donald Trump? 
What is the scientific name for table salt? 
What is the scientific name of the greate white shark? 
What is the second planet in the Solar System? 
What is the seventh planet from the Sun? 
What is the shape of the earth? 
What is the shortname of the coronavirus disease? 
What is the SI unit conversion of a yottagram? 
What is the size of the amazon rainforest? 
What is the solar mass of the solar system? 
What is the speed of light? 
What is the speed of light (in vacuum)? 
What is the speed of light in vacuum? 
What is the speed of light through a vacuum? 
What is the speed of sound in alcohol? 
What is the standard base unit of electric current? 
What is the study of Algae called? 
What is the subclass of the formula for Schrödinger's Equation? 
What is the suns mass? 
What is the supermassive black hole at the centre of the milky way called? 
What is the surface gravity of the moon? 
What is the symbolic element of Nitrogen? 
What is the taxon name of a wolf? 
What is the taxon name of Chinook salmon? 
What is the taxon name of the African Lion? 
What is the taxon name of the lion? 
What is the temperature in degrees Celcius at which ethanol boils? 
What is the temperature of absolute zero? 
What is the temperature of the center of the sun? 
What is the temperature of the centre of the sun? 
What is the temperature on the planet Mars? 
What is the temprature on Mars? 
What is the tempreture exerted by the sun, at its core (center)? 
What is the thermal conductivity of water? 
What is the third planet from the sun? 
What is the top speed of a Bugatti Veyron? 
What is the Triple Point? 
What is the Turing test also known as? 
What is the unit of power? 
What is the unit symbol of the speed of light? 
What is the water discharge of the river Rhine? 
What is the website of TED? 
What is the work location of a teacher? 
What is the worst-case time complexity of quicksort? 
What is ultraviolet? 
What is used in the H&amp;E stain method? 
What is Wi-Fi? 
What is wikidata part of? 
What kind of allergy is a peanut allergy? 
What kind of disease can you get if you don't protect your eyes from ultraviolet? 
What kind of interaction does a quark have? 
What kind of waves are present during an earthquake? 
What languages did Isaac Newton speak? 
What makes plants green? 
What mass does a human brain typically have? 
What mass does the Andromeda galaxy have? 
What mercury level can be immediatly dangerous for human life or health? 
What Nobel Prize did Marie Curie win? 
What Nobel prize did Werner Heisenberg win? 
What parts are in a personal computer? 
What parts does a brain have? 
What parts does a motherboard consist of? 
What parts does a neuron consists of? 
What planet has the largest radius in the solar system? 
What planets are in our Solar System? 
What planets are part of the inner Solar System? 
What planets does the inner solar system contain? 
What's another name for the Turing test? 
What shape does DNA have? 
What sort of data do corpus linguists analyse? 
What sort of infection is the common cold? 
What sound does a cat make? 
What's the name of the science that studies the brain? 
What substance is hair made of? 
What symbol is used to denote the gravitational constant? 
What technique is magnetic-resonance imaging based on? 
What temperature does the sun have at its core? 
What temperature is the sun at its core? 
What terms could be used to describe the shape of DNA? 
What type of animal is an elephant? 
What type of astronomy started at 1200 BCE? 
What type of boundary has the sun? 
What type of cell is produced by the bone marrow? 
What types of animal have gills? 
What types of Nobel Prices exist? 
What units is the newton based on? 
What unit symbol is used to denote the speed of light? 
What University did Isaac Newton work for? 
What university was Alan Turing a student of when he published his doctoral thesis? 
What village was Nikola Tesla born in? 
What was Isaac Newton's profession? 
What was madame Curie's official first name when she was born? 
What was Marie Curie's place of birth? 
What was Stephen Hawking disability? 
What was the cause of the death of Julius Caesar? 
What was the Earth's population as of 1960? 
What was the field of work of Albert Einstein? 
What was the first mission with humans to land on the Moon? 
What was the goal of the Apollo space program? 
What was the life expectancy in The Netherlands in 2000? 
What was the lifestyle of Nicolas Tesla? 
What was the occupation of Herman Koningsveld? 
What was the topic of Stephen Hawking's doctoral thesis? 
What was the year in which laptops were invented? 
What were the countries of citizen ship of Marie Curie? 
What were the occupations of Isaac Newton? 
What year did Pluto stop being classified as a planet ? 
What year was the first iPhone available? 
What year was the telephone invented? 
When Apple Inc. was founded 
When did Alexander Graham Bell die? 
When did Baroque music fall out of fashion? 
When did Isaac Newton win the Knight Bachelor award? 
When did John Conway die? 
When did Stephen Hawking get his doctorate? 
When did the big bang happen? 
When did the Big Bang happen? 
When did the Big Bang occur? 
When did the black plague begin? 
When did the first human land on the moon? 
When did the ISS launch into space? 
When did the planet Mars form? 
When did the specie Homo Neanderthalensis go extinct? 
When did the specie Homo Sapiens first appear on Earth? 
When did the universe begin? 
When did world war 1 end? 
When is the telephone invented? 
When was Alan Turing born? 
When was Albert Einstein born? 
When was Conway's game of life launched? 
When was Donald Trump born? 
When was Earth formed? 
When was Einstein born? 
When was gold discovered? 
When was Hangul invented? 
When was Isaac Newton born? 
When was Marie Curie born? 
When was mitochondrial DNA discovered? 
When was Myrtle Bachelder born? 
When was oxygen discovered? 
When was penicilin discovered? 
When was penicillin discovered? 
When was penicillin invented? 
When was pluto discovered? 
When was pluto disqualified as a planet? 
When was Pluto first discovered? 
When was plutonium discovered? 
When was Sir Isaac Newton born?
When was the birthday of Charles Darwin? 
When was the Chernobyl disaster? 
When was the chip invented? 
When was the Doppler effect discovered? 
When was the first computer made? 
When was the first flight of the Boeing 747? 
When was the first moon landing? 
When was the first Nobel prize in Physics rewarded? 
When was the first nobel prize in physiology or medicine awarded? 
When was the first nuclear explosion tested? 
When was the first transistor constructed? 
When was the first vaccine ever created? 
When was the Higgs Boson discovered? 
When was the Hubble Telescope launched? 
When was the inception of Linux? 
When was the internal combustion engine invented? 
When was the International Space Station launched? 
When was the internet established? 
When was the mobile operating system 'android' made? 
When was the mobile phone invented? 
When was the Nobel Prize established? 
When was the nobel prize in physics introduced? 
When was the oldest university in the Netherlands founded? 
When was the Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica written? 
When was the programming language Python first released? 
When was the telephone invented? 
When was the telescope invented? 
When was the transistor invented? 
When was the Turing Award instituted? 
When was tungsten first discovered? 
When was Uranus discovered? 
When was WiFi invented? 
When was Windows Microsoft released? 
When were axolotls discovered? 
When were personal computers invented? 
When were the first Nobel Prizes awarded? 
When were the founders of Microsoft born? 
Where are metatarsal bones located? 
Where are the headquarters of Tesla located? 
Where can you find a mitochondria? 
Where did Albert Einstein die ? 
Where did Albert Einstein die? 
Where did Carl Linnaeaus study? 
Where did Carl Linnaeus study? 
Where did Muhammad ibn Musa al-Khwarizmi work? 
Where did the black death spread? 
Where did Thomas Edison die? 
Where does one use a stethoscope for? 
Where does the dachshund originally come from? 
Where does the platypus originallycome from? 
Where has Alan Turing lived? 
Where has Isaac Netwon been buried? 
Where in the body are the papillae? 
Where is electrical resistance measured by? 
Where is Google headquartered? 
Where is the birthplace of Alexander Graham Bell? 
Where is the earth located? 
Where is the heart located? 
Where is the thyroid located? 
Where is the visual cortex located in the brain? 
Where was Aletta Jacobs born? 
Where was COVID-19 first discovered? 
Where was Dmitri Mendeleev educated at? 
Where was Gregor Mendel born? 
Where was Herman Koningsveld born? 
Where was Nikola Tesla born? 
Where was Stephen Hawking born? 
Where was the Black Death plague located? 
Where was the Bombe machine made? 
Where was the hottest temperature on earth recorded? 
Where was the Large Hadron Collider built? 
Where was the Manhattan project based? 
Where where the Bee Gees formed? 
Which are the different types of Nobel prizes? 
Which are the uses of a rhinoceros horn? 
Which artery supplies blood to the liver? 
Which austronaut missions was Neil Armstrong on? 
Which awards did Alan Turing receive? 
Which book did Charles Darwin published in 1875? 
Which chemical substances make up water? 
Which concepts are studied by a biologist? 
Which country did Alan Turing belong to? 
Which country or countries contain the highest mountains in the world? 
Which drugs are used to treat skin cancer? 
Which dutch inventor was born in 1632 and died in 1723? 
Which eclipse is it when the moon is between the sun and the earth? 
Which elements make up liquid water? 
Which fields did Isaac Newton work in? 
Which fruit are plantains often compared to? 
Which galaxy is the closest to us? 
Which genus is the red fox a member of? 
Which hemisphere does the Cancer constellation appear? 
Which human bone is the longest? 
Which languages did Albert Einstein speak? 
Which launch vehicle was used to launch the Kepler space telescope? 
Which laws are included in Newton's laws of motion? 
Which mammal was "Animal of the Year" in Germany in 2005? 
Which material is carbon based and has a mass of 12.01 gram per mole? 
Which medical condition is caused by trisomy of chromosome 21? 
Which members of the Bernoulli family were mathematicians? 
Which Nobel Prize laureates have been Muslim? 
Which noble gas is used in radiotherapy? 
Which number does iron have in the periodic table? 
Which of the following is the active ingredient in Ritalin: methylphenidate or desloratadine? 
Which part of the body is operated on during a cesarean section? 
Which parts does a plant consist of? 
Which parts make up a neuron? 
Which person is the term 'algorithm' named after? 
Which planet has a crater named 'Bordeaux'? 
Which planet is the third planet from the Sun in the Solar System? 
Which planet of our solar system has the maximum apoapsis? 
Which planets are included in the Inner Solar System? 
Which planets in our solar system can be referred to as an inner planet? 
Which programming languages influenced COBOL? 
Which programming languages where used to create Twitter? 
Which science studies the brain?
Which scientific field studies the lithosphere? 
Which scientists contributed to the theory of quantum mechanics? 
Which shapes does DNA have? 
Which sounds can a dog produce? 
Which start does Mercury orbit around? 
Which telescope is part of the Goddard Space Flight Center? 
Which temperature make the gold to be melted? 
Which three astronauts piloted Apollo 11? 
Which two parts of a tree form the crown? 
Which woman received the Nobel prize for both Chemistry and Physics? 
Which year did the Spanish flu start? 
Who are Einstein's children? 
Who are the children of Albert Einstein? 
Who are the crew members of the Apollo 11? 
Who are the founders of Apple Inc.? 
Who are the founders of Google? 
Who are the founders of Microsoft? 
Who are the founders of Nvidia? 
Who are the inventors of Deep Learning? 
Who are the inventors of the A* search algorithm? 
Who are the inventors of the telephone? 
Who are the inventors of the World Wide Web? 
Who are the members of The Black Keys? 
Who are the Nobel prize winners in chemistry in 2016? 
Who are the sponsonrs of Wikidata? 
Who belonged Albert Einstein's brain to? 
Who built the Franeker planetarium? 
Who created the programming language PHP? 
Who created the the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics ? 
Who designed Fortran? 
Who designed the programming language Go? 
Who developed the first computer worm? 
Who developed the theory of general relativity? 
Who developed the theory of relativity? 
Who discoverd evolution? 
Who discovered electromagnetic radiation? 
Who discovered Peniciline? 
Who discovered penicillin? 
Who discovered polonium? 
Who discovered radium? 
Who discovered special relativity? 
Who discovered the chemical element Germanium? 
Who discovered the electron? 
Who discovered the last chemical element? 
Who discovered the main-belt asteroid called "21 Lutetia"? 
Who discovered the penicilin? 
Who discovered the Quantum Hall effect? 
Who discovered the theory of evolution? 
Who discovered the theory of relativity? 
Who discovered Uranus? 
Who established homeopathy? 
Who established the Nobel Prize? 
Who founded Apple Inc. 
Who founded Apple Inc.? 
Who founded Stanford University? 
Who found the electron? 
Who has walked on the moon? 
Who influenced Nicolas Tesla in his work? 
Who invented alpha-beta pruning? 
Who invented calculus? 
Who invented penicillin? 
Who invented Python 
Who invented the car and when? 
Who invented the first telephone? 
Who invented the game of life? 
Who invented the Game of life? 
Who invented the incandescent light bulb? 
Who invented the internet? 
Who invented the microscope? 
Who invented the periodic table? 
Who invented the piano? 
Who invented the polio vaccine? 
Who invented the programming language 'Python'? 
Who invented the relativity theory? 
Who invented the stethoscope? 
Who invented the telephone? 
Who invented the television? 
Who invented the world wide web? 
Who is considered the first computer programmer? 
Who is information retrieval studied by? 
Who is practicing science? 
Who is the author of the article "Computing Machinery and Intelligence"? 
Who is the CEO of AMD? 
Who is the discoverer of penicilin? 
Who is the drummer of Linkin Park? 
Who is the father of mathematics? 
Who is the first person to discover gravity? 
Who is the Hubble Space Telescope named after? 
Who is the inventor of lobotomy? 
Who is the inventor of the automobile? 
Who is the inventor of the Pythagoras theorem? 
Who is the inventor of the wankel engine? 
Who is the mother of Isaac Newton? 
Who is the Nobel Prize named after? 
Who is 'The Science Guy'? 
Who made the operating system android? 
Who or what was the Python programming language named after? 
Who owned Alan Turing teddy bear? 
Who posed the theory of evolution? 
Who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1921? 
Who recieved the Smith's Prize in 1936? 
Who served as the crew for the Apollo 11 spaceflight mission? 
Who was Albert Einstein? 
Who was F. D. C. Willard? 
Who was the developer of the theory of relativity? 
Who was the discoverer of the theory of general relativity? 
Who was the doctorial advisor of Isaac Newton? 
Who was the father of Albert Einstein? 
Who was the first dog in space? 
Who was the first female Dutch physician? 
Who was the first human in space? 
Who was the first person to walk on the moon? 
Who was the first whistleblower in China on Covid-19? 
Who was the founder of the Soviet Union? 
Who was the inventor of penicillin? 
Who was the inventor of the first law of thermodynamics? 
Who was the nobel prize named after? 
Who was the term "Siamese twins" named after? 
Who were Nelson Mandela's parents? 
Who were the creators of the theory of quantum mechanics? 
Who were the crew members of the Apollo 11 
Who were the first three Roman dictators? 
Who were the members of apollo 11? 
Who were the parents of Barack Obama 
Who won a nobel prize in physics between 1901 and 1903? 
Who won the 2019 Rugby World Cup? 
Who won the first Nobel Price in Physics? 
Who won the nobel price in Physics in 2017? 
Who won the nobel prize for physics in 1971? 
Who won the nobel prize in physics in 1909 ? ? 
Who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1915? 
Who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine togheter with Paul Greengard and Arvid Carlsson in 2000? 
Who wrote the article "The Extended Mind"? 
Who wrote the first computer algorithm? 
Who wrote the Leviathan? 
Why does the universe exist? 
With how many constellations does Ursa Major share borders with? 
With which two components can the amount of Volt be calculated? 
With whom did Dmitri Mendeleev receive the Davy Medal? 
WWhat parts of the Central Nervous System are there? 
